[Music]
[Applause]
do
marlo shakespeare all right
just adjusting you all right yeah just
trying to keep busy you know
you writing
feel inspired
you writing yeah uh in a way
in what way personalizing a poem ah
yes well quicker than writing a new one
well it's from charity oh
oh for the auction yeah it's a good
cause ah yeah i autographed a page of my
thrillingly controversial play tambling
how much did it go for
seven shillings nice i think they would
have liked me to have made an appearance
too but
um no i don't know sure yeah
i'm gonna write about this about the
plague yeah does happen people want
yes they want social realism do they
okay
yeah what i i
just i'm i think maybe that social
realism is a bit
a bit what a bit severe and what do you
think people would prefer
escapism are you making up words again
uh distractions
like what something with a donkey
something with a donkey chuckles
chuckles you laugh yes i'm funny are you
my sonnets are
laugh out loud funny i just i think
people like
limericks limericks i mean as long as
they they're honest as long as they
they put aside pseudo-intellectualism
and have you personalized
a limerick for a charity event people
like
limericks there once was a man from
stratford well that's not bad
that is bad it's for charity you know
what i think
a charity would appreciate something a
little more sincere look what like
a sonnet yeah i can think of a few
charitable things to do with your sauna
yeah
well seven shillings baby
my limerick got fifty
fifty fifty who paid fifty shillings for
a
limerick come on who i can't say tell me
the queen no yes you know
she likes limericks he does not like
limericks it's for charity
charity it's a good cause oh sixty
shillings
each
how many did you do a few no no no no no
you're lying i'm not lying the queen of
england
does not like limericks the queen of
bloody loves a limerick and escapism oh
what did she did she want you to write a
play with a donkey oh why do you want to
write it with me no i'd be scared my
severity would dilute your vacuous crap
what the hell are you doing nothing
nothing what are you wearing
costume why for the sketch
what sketch your sketch oh my sketch
sorry the comic relief sketch this was
just a suggestion
david's idea really michael ordered the
costumes this isn't what we sent you
what what do you mean we sent a script
to simon oh
where is simon he's not here
where is he david said a couple of mean
things to him what did you say
he's called him a uh slap-faced
one-trick fart balloon
no but don't worry because uh we've done
something ourselves yeah yeah
it might be better oh richard could just
write the other one hmm
richard curtis is good david richard
curtis is quite
quite good yeah it was funny might
probably be funny it's for a good cause
no we did say that we said that in the
sketch yeah you weave that
through we needed you to thank people
for their donations yeah we just thought
we'd space up a bit you know yeah
your actors not writers do the bloody
job
thank people for their donations then
get the hell out of the way yes will do
okay thanks len cheers
go on you stop all right we've been
blown away
by the kindness of your donations it's
for such a good cause
a really serious cause especially now so
from us to you
thank you thank you
[Music]
do you think people wonder about why
we're wearing a costume
i mean like out of context yeah no
no we're actors
[Music]